gh-126947: Typechecking for _pydatetime.timedelta.__new__ arguments (#126949)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-11-18-19-03-46.gh-issue-126947.NiDYUe.rst

> Add typechecking for _pydatetime.timedelta.__new__ arguments so that python
> implementation is in line with C implementation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Raise :exc:`TypeError` in :meth:`!_pydatetime.timedelta.__new__` arguments are not :class:`int` or :class:`float`, so that python
implementation is in line with C implementation.
```

> Raise :exc:`TypeError` in :meth:`!_pydatetime.timedelta.__new__` arguments are not :class:`int` or :class:`float`, so that python
> implementation is in line with C implementation.

Reviewer 2: Nitpicks:
```suggestion
Raise :exc:`TypeError` in :meth:`!_pydatetime.timedelta.__new__` if the passed arguments are not :class:`int` or :class:`float`, so that the Python
implementation is in line with the C implementation.
```
